					【﻿ＬＯＷ　ＰＯＬＹ　ＳＣＩ　ＦＩ　ＣＯＲＲＩＤＯＲ】
Level Building Assets in Blender 2.8/FBX/GLB Formats

Version 1.05

Included in this:
	☆ A blender3D 2.8 file
	☆ An FBX conversion of the Blender model
	☆ A GLB conversion for Godot/other formats that need it
	☆ Two texture files in .PNG format
	☆ This Readme

	CHANGELOG (LOL):
		⛛ Removed the .unitypackage file, with how often Unity tends to change things, I don't think it works in 2023 and I got comments to that effect.
		⛛ Added .glb format export, which is used for Godot and others

LICENSE:

These assets are provided royalty free by Red.

You are free: 

	● To use these for personal, commercial, and educational game development, animations, renders, so on.
	● To remix the base files within your project
	● All so long as you give credit to RedPyre/Red, the developer and artist of these assets.
	
RESTRICTIONS:

You are NOT permitted:

	■ To resell these files "as is", even if you make alterations to the assets
		■ If your game or 3d animation project requires you to include the original files (IE, in a data/models/ folder that your executable reads), this is fine. So long as you do not abuse this exception to create a game or file solely as a vehicle to pirate these assets.
	■ To "bundle" these assets with others for the sole reason to resell or distribute them (IE, in a "300 models pack" or so on)
	■ To use these assets to further bigoted, hate or discriminatory speech
	■ To claim these assets as your own work. If you make alterations, you may make it clear that the new works are yours, so long as you continue to credit the original developer (RedPyre)

Post 2022 addendums:

	■ I am explicitly refusing to grant permission for use of these assets in any kind of blockchain/crypto/cryptocurrency/"NFT" schemes and adjacent work. I will pursue that as "reselling".
	■ I am also explicitly refusing to grant permission to use any of these files to train any kind of AI generation or machine learning tools.

CREDITS:

These assets are 100 percent original and modelled and textured by RedPyre.


RedPyre can be reached for questions or comments at RedPyre.itch.io ☥

I would love to see what you create with these!

© 2020, 2023 Red Karnstein
